Here's what you're going to work on in this lesson.
First, you'll practice extracting data from various sources
such as CSV files, databases, and APIs.
Then, you'll transform data using different techniques
like data cleaning and removing outliers.
Next, you'll write code to load data into a database.
Finally, you'll put all of this together into
a single ETL pipeline that gets the data ready for further analysis.
This lesson is built around small data sets that can fit on your local computer.
I'm providing data from the World Bank that you can practice with.
However, these days, data engineers work with
massive distributed data sets that won't fit on a single machine.
This is often referred to as big data.
Udacity has other courses about how to deal with
data sets that are too big for your personal computer to handle.
Continue on to get started with ETL pipelines.